well I think we're doing very you're the
things that we're doing very well in
health care is providing a if a patient
has adequate resources and if if they
are very well
hooked in to the system I think they can
be treated in a manner that is X you
know it is it is extraordinary we are
doing the United States leads the world
in in the in the production and the and
the discovery of new medicines more than
any country in the world this year about
50 new drugs will be approved by the FDA
50 new drugs that were never never
existed in the way before so our
channels for discovery are channels for
the treatment of previously untreatable
diseases is working what we're doing
badly is we're not delivering health
care to everyone well we have large
sectors of the population where health
care delivery is inadequate they can't
access healthcare appropriately on time
they are uninsured they are unable to
get the bounties of these discoveries
that we're making